Revise device registration steps for Shared Device Mode (#65)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-objc: msal-objc-articles/set-up-ios-device-shared-mode.md

To configure the Authenticator app settings and register the device with Entra ID, the Cloud Device Administrator in a tenant should follow these steps:

1. Launch the Authenticator App.

> 1. The App should automatically start registering the device (as long as the SSO profile is already on the device) without any user interaction needed. If it doesn't try closing the app and validating the SSO payload is on the devcie and then re-open the Authenticator app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The App should automatically start registering the device (as long as the SSO profile is already on the device) without any user interaction needed. If it doesn't, try closing the app and validating that the SSO payload is on the device. Then open the Authenticator app again:
```

    :::image type="content" source="media/share-device-mode/microsoft-authenticator-set-up-shared-device-mode.png " alt-text="Screenshot showing the device registration screen in app":::

> 1. If The Authenticator app prompts you to provide your credentials, as shown (please close the app and validate the SSO profile has been installed, DO NOT enter any email addess):

Reviewer 2: **Typos:**
Current:
 If The Authenticator app prompts you to provide your credentials, as shown (please close the app and validate the SSO profile has been installed, DO NOT enter any email addess):
 
Possible Correction:
If The Authenticator app prompts you to provide your credentials, as shown, please close the app and validate the SSO profile has been installed (DO NOT enter any email addess):

    :::image type="content" source="media/share-device-mode/cloud-administrator-provide-credentials.png " alt-text="Screenshot of the sign-in page in Authenticator app":::

> 1. f teh registration successed, the device is successfully set in shared device mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the registration succeeded, the device is successfully set in shared device mode.
```

> 1. f teh registration successed, the device is successfully set in shared device mode.

Reviewer 2: **Typos**:   
Current:
 f teh registration successed, the device is successfully set in shared device mode.
 
 Correction:
If the registration succeeded, the device is successfully set in shared device mode.
